"Typing .alley.tasting position dart frogs may be only one inch long, but they pack a powerful punch of poison. Weighing less than an once ounce, these frogs are considered one of Earth;'s most toxic species. For example, the golden poison dart front has enough poison to kill 20,000 mice. With a range of bright colors., yellows, oranges, reds, greens, and blues, they aren't just a big show-offs, either. Those colorful designs tell potential predators, Key.shift\"I'm toxic ; don;in't eat me. Key.shift\" Scientists believe that poison dart frogs get their toxicity from some of the insects they eat. The insects feed on plants that have toxins., which they then pass on to the frogs who fed on them. Poison dart frogs gs raised in captivity aren't toxic because the insects they are fed haven;'t eaten poisonous plants. Ho who pow to position dart frogs capture their pray Key.shift?aka.shift? With a long., sticky tongue that darts out and zaps the unsuspecting burka.shift! tithe frogs eat many kinds of small insects, including fruit flies, ants, and ting y beetles, which are the ones scientists think may be responsible for the frogs' toxicity,. dart frogs live in the rain forest s of central and  America and breed during the rainy season,. To attract a female, the ALALE frog call from from a lead, f., making buzzing or trilling sounds/. After he's attracted a mate, and she lays her eye eggs, the male stick around CDs around to make sure the eggs SOS stay most units until they hatch. Once the little ones hatch as tiny tadpoles, they wiggle on to the male's back/. He carries them to a pool of water where the tadpoles wiggle off and complete their metamorphosis into fully - formed frogs/.entering n today;\\y's increasingly hectic and stressful world, getting a spa treatment is sometimes one of the most therapeutic things an individual can enjoy. The relaxation and peaceful environment associated with a spa can allow a person to regain their sense of self and feeling of g of overall peace. From suntanning to massages and other therapeutic modalities, spas offer a unique opportunity to re-energize and reinvigorate the human. Beau body.  spa treatments are becoming so popular, today there is an increasing number of spas that now offer flay to  services. This type of service makes good sense for those wishing to make spa treatments a regular and routine part of their life. Carbon dioxide is a chemical compound that is usually in the form of a GA.s. It is made up of one atom of carbon and two atoms of oxygen.enter.  dioxide was discovered by a Belgian chemist named Japan Baptist an c can Helmont. Carbon Di dioxide is  for life on Earth,. whether animals breathe out, they release carbon dioxide into the air. plants use this carbon dioxide to make their own food in a process called photosynthesis. plants then release oxygen in to the air for animals to breathe in. Carbon dioxide also is an essential part of Earth;'s atmosphere . I t plays an important role as a greenhouse gas. A green house gas traps energy from the Sun, which warms earth's surface. This is known as n as the greenhouse effect. Sat only a few inches long and whitish no distinctive external features to speak of.  the Hero sphere is seemingly an unremarkable creature. That is, until you accidentally step one, . You see, the hero shrew can comfortable by survive being stood on by a typical adult Lt human without any injury.dry. The secret to this skill lies in the Shrew;'s skeletal system or, more specifically, its spine,.  almost every other mammal on Earth, with on note notable exception which reenter'll get to in a moment.  the Hero sphere's spine features intricate interlocking vertebrae, a very large number of spinal processes.  and is incredibly thick"